Document copy code button requiring secure context (#1225)
just-the-docs/just-the-docs: docs/ui-components/code.md

enable_copy_code_button: true
```

> Note that this feature requires JavaScript; if JavaScript is disabled in the browser, this feature will not work. In addition, the page must be viewed in a secure context (such as over HTTPS) otherwise the copy button [will not work](https://github.com/just-the-docs/just-the-docs/issues/1202). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that this feature requires JavaScript; if JavaScript is disabled in the browser, this feature will not work. In addition, this feature uses `navigator.clipboard`, which is only available in [secure contexts](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/Security/Secure_Contexts) (such as over HTTPS). If the site is viewed in an insecure context, the copy button will not work ([relevant issue: #1202](https://github.com/just-the-docs/just-the-docs/issues/1202)).
```
